I have this reoccurring dream I feel the
warmth of the Sun on my skin and the
comfort of arms around me
and I want to stay there forever but
that would be impossible I have a severe
sensitivity to sunlight doctor
appointments became a part of my routine
it's not gonna fall into remission and
every year the risk becomes more serious
so I spend all my time indoors behind
special windows sleeping during the day
and staying up all night and playing
music every chance I get
Hey what should I have said hey I'm
Katie Price I've watched outside my
window for the past 10 years now I've
been in love with you stalking you every
minute this is about Taylor Swift does
she has awkward interactions with boys
and then she just writes amazing songs
about it I don't understand how we've
never met I've probably skated by your
house every day on the way to practice
hey you wouldn't want to do something
sometime would you I'm really busy
during the day but I could be free at
night
[Music]
what does Katie price want to do there's
so many things I want to do are you
taking me in first live show that was
literally wanted about things that are
right I'll be a dream until the dad
coming
I am not comfortable with him not
knowing I'm going to I just need a
little longer being someone more than
just disease this isn't something you
can just not tell me I'm so sorry but
we're not the couple who doesn't try
[Music]
I'm looking at my whole life to feel